If corn oil is made from corn and vegetable oil is made from vegetables. What is baby oil made from?
Why is an electrical outlet called an outlet when you plug things into it? Shouldn't it be called an inlet?
Why is an alarm clock going "off" when it actually turns on?
Why is it that to stop Windows 98, you have to click on Start?
Why is lemon juice made with artificial flavor and dishwashing liquid made with real lemons?
If money doesn't grow on trees then why do banks have branches?
Why does the sun lighten our hair, but darken our skin?
How come you press harder on a remote control when you know the battery is dead?
What's the meaning of life?
Why is the man who invests all your money called a broker?
If an orange is orange, why isn't a lime called a green or a lemon called a yellow?
If quizzes are quizzical, what are tests?
Why does it take 15 minutes to cook minute rice?
Why does someone believe you when you say there are four billion stars, but check when you say the paint is wet?
Why do kids learn math when they could just use calculators like the grown-ups?
If the #2 pencil is the most popular, why's it still #2?
Can't the postman give it to the garbage man and save us the hassle?
Did they purposely make dyslexia hard to spell?
Why do we call them oranges when half of 'em are yellow?
Why do most cars have speedometers that go up to at least 130 when you legally can't go that fast on any road?
Why is it that when you're driving and looking for an address, you turn down the volume on the radio?
Why do they sterilize needles for lethal injections?
Why can't women put on mascara with their mouth closed?
If an ambulance is on its way to save someone, and it runs someone over, does it stop to help them?
Can blind people see their dreams?
Why isn't there a mouse-flavored cat food?
Why do you have to "put your two cents in". but it's only a "penny for your thoughts"? Where's that extra penny going to?
Why is it that people say they "slept like a baby" when babies wake up like every two hours?
What do you call male ballerinas?
Why does Donald Duck wear a towel when he comes out of the shower when he doesn't usually wear any pants?
Why is "phonics" not spelled the way it sounds?
You can be overwhelmed and underwhelmed, but why can't you be simply whelmed?
Why do we say "eats like a bird" when every day a bird eats its own weight in food?
Why isn't 11 pronounced "onety-one"?
Does Robert De Niro know that it's okay to turn down roles?
What's does it hurt like hell to hit your funny bone?
Why is Broadway so confined?
Do Asians ever say to hell with it and grab a fork?
Why is there an expiration date on sour cream?
If a word is misspelled in the dictionary, how would we ever know?
What do people in China call their good plates?
What disease did cured ham actually have?
Why does Goofy stand erect while Pluto remains on all fours? They're both dogs!
How important does a person have to be before they are considered assassinated instead of just murdered?